
  [Transcriber's Note:

  This text was printed as a twelve-page addition to the James De Mille
  novel _An American Baron_, published 1872. The "pointing finger"
  symbol is shown here as -->.

  Where available, the Project Gutenberg e-text number is given in
  brackets after each title. Note that the e-text will probably not be
  based on the listed edition (Harper & Brothers, no later than 1872).

  Full names of authors are given at the end of the e-text.]

       *       *       *       *       *
           *       *       *       *
       *       *       *       *       *

HARPER'S LIBRARY OF SELECT NOVELS.

"THE LIBRARY OF SELECT NOVELS" has become an institution, a reliable
and unfailing recreative resource essential to the comfort of countless
readers. The most available entertainment of modern times is fiction:
from the cares of busy life, from the monotonous routine of a special
vocation, in the intervals of business and in hours of depression, a
good story, with faithful descriptions of nature, with true pictures of
life, with authentic characterization, lifts the mind out of the domain
of care, refreshes the feelings, and enlists the imagination. The
Harpers' "Library of Select Novels" is rapidly approaching its four
hundredth number, and it is safe to say that no series of books exists
which combines attractiveness and economy, local pictures and beguiling
narrative, to such an extent and in so convenient a shape. In
railway-cars and steamships, in boudoirs and studios, libraries and
chimney corners, on verandas and in private sanctums, the familiar brown
covers are to be seen. These books are enjoyed by all classes; they
appear of an average merit, and with a constant succession that is
marvelous; and in subject and style offer a remarkable variety.
--_Boston Transcript._

                                                         PRICE

    1. Pelham. By Bulwer [7623]                          $0 75
    2. The Disowned. By Bulwer [7639]                       75
    3. Devereux. By Bulwer [7630]                           50
    4. Paul Clifford. By Bulwer [7735]                      50
    5. Eugene Aram. By Bulwer [7614]                        50
    6. The Last Days of Pompeii. By Bulwer [1565]           50
    7. The Czarina. By Mrs. Hofland                         50
    8. Rienzi. By Bulwer [1396]                             75
    9. Self-Devotion. By Miss Campbell                      50
   10. The Nabob at Home                                    50
   11. Ernest Maltravers. By Bulwer [7649]                  50
   12. Alice; or, The Mysteries. By Bulwer [9774]           50
   13. The Last of the Barons. By Bulwer [7727]           1 00
   14. Forest Days. By James                                50
   15. Adam Brown, the Merchant. By H. Smith                50
   16. Pilgrims of the Rhine. By Bulwer [8206]              25
   17. The Home. By Miss Bremer [20746]                     50
   18. The Lost Ship. By Captain Neale                      75
   19. The False Heir. By James                             50
   20. The Neighbors. By Miss Bremer                        50
   21. Nina. By Miss Bremer                                 50
   22. The President's Daughters. By Miss Bremer            25
   23. The Banker's Wife. By Mrs. Gore                      50
   24. The Birthright. By Mrs. Gore                         25
   25. New Sketches of Every-day Life. By Miss Bremer       50
   26. Arabella Stuart. By James                            50
   27. The Grumbler. By Miss Pickering                      50
   28. The Unloved One. By Mrs. Hofland                     50
   29. Jack of the Mill. By William Howitt                  25
   30. The Heretic. By Lajetchnikoff                        50
   31. The Jew. By Spindler                                 75
   32. Arthur. By Sue                                       75
   33. Chatsworth. By Ward                                  50
   34. The Prairie Bird. By C. A. Murray                  1 00
   35. Amy Herbert. By Miss Sewell                          50
   36. Rose d'Albret. By James                              50
   37. The Triumphs of Time. By Mrs. Marsh                  75
   38. The H---- Family. By Miss Bremer                     50
   39. The Grandfather. By Miss Pickering                   50
   40. Arrah Neil. By James                                 50
   41. The Jilt                                             50
   42. Tales from the German                                50
   43. Arthur Arundel. By H. Smith                          50
   44. Agincourt. By James                                  50
   45. The Regent's Daughter                                50
   46. The Maid of Honor                                    50
   47. Safia. By De Beauvoir                                50
   48. Look to the End. By Mrs. Ellis                       50
   49. The Improvisatore. By Andersen                       50
   50. The Gambler's Wife. By Mrs. Grey                     50
   51. Veronica. By Zschokke                                50
   52. Zoe. By Miss Jewsbury                                50
   53. Wyoming                                              50
   54. De Rohan. By Sue                                     50
   55. Self. By the Author of "Cecil"                       75
   56. The Smuggler. By James                               75
   57. The Breach of Promise                                50
   58. Parsonage of Mora. By Miss Bremer                    25
   59. A Chance Medley. By T. C. Grattan                    50
   60. The White Slave                                    1 00
   61. The Bosom Friend. By Mrs. Grey                       50
   62. Amaury. By Dumas                                     50
   63. The Author's Daughter. By Mary Howitt                25
   64. Only a Fiddler, &c. By Andersen                      50
   65. The Whiteboy. By Mrs. Hall                           50
   66. The Foster-Brother. Edited by Leigh Hunt             50
   67. Love and Mesmerism. By H. Smith                      75
   68. Ascanio. By Dumas                                    75
   69. Lady of Milan. Edited by Mrs. Thomson                75
   70. The Citizen of Prague                              1 00
   71. The Royal Favorite. By Mrs. Gore                     50
   72. The Queen of Denmark. By Mrs. Gore                   50
   73. The Elves, &c. By Tieck                              50
   74, 75. The Stepmother. By James                       1 25
   76. Jessie's Flirtations                                 50
   77. Chevalier d'Harmental. By Dumas                      50
   78. Peers and Parvenus. By Mrs. Gore                     50
   79. The Commander of Malta. By Sue                       50
   80. The Female Minister                                  50
   81. Emilia Wyndham. By Mrs. Marsh                        75
   82. The Bush-Ranger. By Charles Rowcroft                 50
   83. The Chronicles of Clovernook                         25
   84. Genevieve. By Lamartine                              25
   85. Livonian Tales                                       25
   86. Lettice Arnold. By Mrs. Marsh                        25
   87. Father Darcy. By Mrs. Marsh                          75
   88. Leontine. By Mrs. Maberly                            50
   89. Heidelberg. By James                                 50
   90. Lucretia. By Bulwer [7691]                           75
   91. Beauchamp. By James                                  75
   92, 94. Fortescue. By Knowles                          1 00
   93. Daniel Dennison, &c. By Mrs. Hofland                 50
   95. Cinq-Mars. By De Vigny [3953]                        50
   96. Woman's Trials. By Mrs. S. C. Hall                   75
   97. The Castle of Ehrenstein. By James                   50
   98. Marriage. By Miss S. Ferrier [12669]                 50
   99. Roland Cashel. By Lever                            1 25
  100. The Martins of Cro' Martin. By Lever               1 25
  101. Russell. By James                                    50
  102. A Simple Story. By Mrs. Inchbald [22002]             50
  103. Norman's Bridge. By Mrs. Marsh                       50
  104. Alamance                                             50
  105. Margaret Graham. By James                            25
  106. The Wayside Cross. By E. H. Milman                   25
  107. The Convict. By James                                50
  108. Midsummer Eve. By Mrs. S. C. Hall                    50
  109. Jane Eyre. By Currer Bell [1260]                     75
  110. The Last of the Fairies. By James                    25
  111. Sir Theodore Broughton. By James                     50
  112. Self-Control. By Mary Brunton                        75
  113, 114. Harold. By Bulwer [7684]                      1 00
  115. Brothers and Sisters. By Miss Bremer                 50
  116. Gowrie. By James                                     50
  117. A Whim and its Consequences. By James                50
  118. Three Sisters and Three Fortunes. By G. H. Lewes     75
  119. The Discipline of Life                               50
  120. Thirty Years Since. By James                         75
  121. Mary Barton. By Mrs. Gaskell [2153]                  50
  122. The Great Hoggarty Diamond. By Thackeray             25
  123. The Forgery. By James                                50
  124. The Midnight Sun. By Miss Bremer                     25
  125, 126. The Caxtons. By Bulwer [7605]                   75
  127. Mordaunt Hall. By Mrs. Marsh                         50
  128. My Uncle the Curate                                  50
  129. The Woodman. By James                                75
  130. The Green Hand. A "Short Yarn"                       75
  131. Sidonia the Sorceress. By Meinhold [6700, 6701]    1 00
  132. Shirley. By Currer Bell                            1 00
  133. The Ogilvies. By Miss Mulock                         50
  134. Constance Lyndsay. By G. C. H.                       50
  135. Sir Edward Graham. By Miss Sinclair                1 00
  136. Hands not Hearts. By Miss Wilkinson                  50
  137. The Wilmingtons. By Mrs. Marsh                       50
  138. Ned Allen. By D. Hannay                              50
  139. Night and Morning. By Bulwer [9755]                  75
  140. The Maid of Orleans                                  75
  141. Antonina. By Wilkie Collins [3606]                   50
  142. Zanoni. By Bulwer [2664]                             50
  143. Reginald Hastings. By Warburton                      50
  144. Pride and Irresolution                               50
  145. The Old Oak Chest. By James                          50
  146. Julia Howard. By Mrs. Martin Bell                    50
  147. Adelaide Lindsay. Edited by Mrs. Marsh               50
  148. Petticoat Government. By Mrs. Trollope               50
  149. The Luttrells. By F. Williams                        50
  150. Singleton Fontenoy, R. N. By Hannay                  50
  151. Olive. By Miss Mulock [22121]                        50
  152. Henry Smeaton. By James                              50
  153. Time, the Avenger. By Mrs. Marsh                     50
  154. The Commissioner. By James                         1 00
  155. The Wife's Sister. By Mrs. Hubback                   50
  156. The Gold Worshipers                                  50
  157. The Daughter of Night. By Fullom                     25
  158. Stuart of Dunleath. By Hon. Caroline Norton          50
  159. Arthur Conway. By Captain E. H. Milman               50
  160. The Fate. By James                                   50
  161. The Lady and the Priest. By Mrs. Maberly             50
  162. Aims and Obstacles. By James                         50
  163. The Tutor's Ward                                     50
  164. Florence Sackville. By Mrs. Burbury                  75
  165. Ravenscliffe. By Mrs. Marsh                          50
  166. Maurice Tiernay. By Lever                          1 00
  167. The Head of the Family. By Miss Mulock               75
  168. Darien. By Warburton                                 50
  169. Falkenburg                                           75
  170. The Daltons. By Lever                              1 50
  171. Ivar; or, The Skjuts-Boy. By Miss Carlen             50
  172. Pequinillo. By James                                 50
  173. Anna Hammer. By Temme                                50
  174. A Life of Vicissitudes. By James                     50
  175. Henry Esmond. By Thackeray [2511]                    75
  176, 177. My Novel. By Bulwer [7714]                    1 50
  178. Katie Stewart. By Mrs. Oliphant                      25
  179. Castle Avon. By Mrs. Marsh                           50
  180. Agnes Sorel. By James                                50
  181. Agatha's Husband. By Miss Mulock                     50
  182. Villette. By Currer Bell [9182]                      75
  183. Lover's Stratagem. By Miss Carlen                    50
  184. Clouded Happiness. By Countess D'Orsay               50
  185. Charles Auchester. A Memorial                        75
  186. Lady Lee's Widowhood                                 50
  187. The Dodd Family Abroad. By Lever                   1 25
  188. Sir Jasper Carew. By Lever                           75
  189. Quiet Heart. By Mrs. Oliphant                        25
  190. Aubrey. By Mrs. Marsh                                75
  191. Ticonderoga. By James                                50
  192. Hard Times. By Dickens [786]                         50
  193. The Young Husband. By Mrs. Grey                      50
  194. The Mother's Recompense. By Grace Aguilar
         [12361, 12362]                                     75
  195. Avillion, and other Tales. By Miss Mulock          1 25
  196. North and South. By Mrs. Gaskell [4276]              50
  197. Country Neighborhood. By Miss Dupuy                  50
  198. Constance Herbert. By Miss Jewsbury                  50
  199. The Heiress of Haughton. By Mrs. Marsh               50
  200. The Old Dominion. By James                           50
  201. John Halifax. By Miss Mulock [2351]                  75
  202. Evelyn Marston. By Mrs. Marsh                        50
  203. Fortunes of Glencore. By Lever                       50
  204. Leonora d'Orco. By James                             50
  205. Nothing New. By Miss Mulock                          50
  206. The Rose of Ashurst. By Mrs. Marsh                   50
  207. The Athelings. By Mrs. Oliphant                      75
  208. Scenes of Clerical Life. By George Eliot [17780]     75
  209. My Lady Ludlow. By Mrs. Gaskell [2524]               25
  210, 211. Gerald Fitzgerald. By Lever                     50
  212. A Life for a Life. By Miss Mulock                    50
  213. Sword and Gown. By Geo. Lawrence [19121]             25
  214. Misrepresentation. By Anna H. Drury                1 00
  215. The Mill on the Floss. By George Eliot [6688]        75
  216. One of Them. By Lever                                75
  217. A Day's Ride. By Lever                               50
  218. Notice to Quit. By Wills                             50
  219. A Strange Story. By Bulwer [7701]                  1 00
  220. The Struggles of Brown, Jones, and Robinson.
         By Anthony Trollope                                50
  221. Abel Drake's Wife. By John Saunders                  75
  222. Olive Blake's Good Work. By Jeaffreson               75
  223. The Professor's Lady                                 25
  224. Mistress and Maid. By Miss Mulock [13461]            50
  225. Aurora Floyd. By M. E. Braddon                       75
  226. Barrington. By Lever                                 75
  227. Sylvia's Lovers. By Mrs. Gaskell [4537]              75
  228. A First Friendship                                   50
  229. A Dark Night's Work. By Mrs. Gaskell [2522]          50
  230. Countess Gisela. By E. Marlitt                       25
  231. St. Olave's                                          75
  232. A Point of Honor                                     50
  233. Live it Down. By Jeaffreson                        1 00
  234. Martin Pole. By Saunders                             50
  235. Mary Lyndsay. By Lady Emily Ponsonby                 50
  236. Eleanor's Victory. By M. E. Braddon                  75
  237. Rachel Ray. By Trollope                              50
  238. John Marchmont's Legacy. By M. E. Braddon            75
  239. Annis Warleigh's Fortunes. By Holme Lee              75
  240. The Wife's Evidence. By Wills                        50
  241. Barbara's History. By Amelia B. Edwards              75
  242. Cousin Phillis. By Mrs. Gaskell [4268]               25
  243. What will he do with It? By Bulwer [7671]          1 50
  244. The Ladder of Life. By Amelia B. Edwards             50
  245. Denis Duval. By Thackeray                            50
  246. Maurice Dering. By Geo. Lawrence                     50
  247. Margaret Denzil's History                            75
  248. Quite Alone. By George Augustus Sala                 75
  249. Mattie: a Stray                                      75
  250. My Brother's Wife. By Amelia B. Edwards              50
  251. Uncle Silas. By J. S. Le Fanu [14851]                75
  252. Lovel the Widower. By Thackeray                      25
  253. Miss Mackenzie. By Anthony Trollope                  50
  254. On Guard. By Annie Thomas                            50
  255. Theo Leigh. By Annie Thomas                          50
  256. Denis Donne. By Annie Thomas                         50
  257. Belial                                               50
  258. Carry's Confession. By the Author of "Mattie:
         a Stray"                                           75
  259. Miss Carew. By Amelia B. Edwards                     50
  260. Hand and Glove. By Amelia B. Edwards                 50
  261. Guy Deverell. By J. S. Le Fanu                       50
  262. Half a Million of Money. By Amelia B. Edwards        75
  263. The Belton Estate. By Anthony Trollope [4969]        50
  264. Agnes. By Mrs. Oliphant                              75
  265. Walter Goring. By Annie Thomas                       75
  266. Maxwell Drewitt. By Mrs. J. H. Riddell               75
  267. The Toilers of the Sea. By Victor Hugo               75
  268. Miss Marjoribanks. By Mrs. Oliphant                  50
  269. The True History of a Little Ragamuffin              50
  270. Gilbert Rugge. By the Author of "A First
         Friendship"                                      1 00
  271. Sans Merci. By Geo. Lawrence                         50
  272. Phemie Keller. By Mrs. J. H. Riddell                 50
  273. Land at Last. By Edmund Yates                        50
  274. Felix Holt, the Radical. By George Eliot             75
  275. Bound to the Wheel. By John Saunders                 75
  276. All in the Dark. By J. S. Le Fanu                    50
  277. Kissing the Rod. By Edmund Yates                     75
  278. The Race for Wealth. By Mrs. J. H. Riddell           75
  279. Lizzie Lorton of Greyrigg. By Mrs. E. Lynn Linton    75
  280. The Beauclercs, Father and Son. By Clarke            50
  281. Sir Brooke Fossbrooke. By Charles Lever              50
  282. Madonna Mary. By Mrs. Oliphant                       50
  283. Cradock Nowell. By R. D. Blackmore                   75
  284. Bernthal. From the German of L. Mühlbach             50
  285. Rachel's Secret                                      75
  286. The Claverings. By Anthony Trollope [15766]          50
  287. The Village on the Cliff. By Miss Thackeray          25
  288. Played Out. By Annie Thomas                          75
  289. Black Sheep. By Edmund Yates                         50
  290. Sowing the Wind. By Mrs. E. Lynn Linton              50
  291. Nora and Archibald Lee                               50
  292. Raymond's Heroine                                    50
  293. Mr. Wynyard's Ward. By Holme Lee                     50
  294. Alec Forbes of Howglen. By Mac Donald [18810]        75
  295. No Man's Friend. By F. W. Robinson                   75
  296. Called to Account. By Annie Thomas                   50
  297. Caste                                                50
  298. The Curate's Discipline. By Mrs. Eiloart             50
  299. Circe. By Babington White                            50
  300. The Tenants of Malory. By J. S. Le Fanu              50
  301. Carlyon's Year. By the Author of "Lost Sir
         Massingberd," &c.                                  25
  302. The Waterdale Neighbors. By the Author of "Paul
         Massie"                                            50
  303. Mabel's Progress. By the Author of "Aunt
         Margaret's Trouble"                                50
  304. Guild Court. By George Mac Donald                    50
  305. The Brothers' Bet. By Emilie Flygare Carlen          25
  306. Playing for High Stakes. By Annie Thomas             25
  307. Margaret's Engagement                                50
  308. One of the Family. By the Author of "Carlyon's
         Year"                                              25
  309. Five Hundred Pounds Reward. By a Barrister           50
  310. Brownlows. By Mrs. Oliphant                          38
  311. Charlotte's Inheritance. By M. E. Braddon [9259]     50
  312. Jeanie's Quiet Life. By the Author of "St.
       Olave's," &c.                                        50
  313. Poor Humanity. By F. W. Robinson                     50
  314. Brakespeare. By Geo. Lawrence                        50
  315. A Lost Name. By J. Sheridan Le Fanu                  50
  316. Love or Marriage? By William Black                   50
  317. Dead-Sea Fruit. By M. E. Braddon                     50
  318. The Dower House. By Annie Thomas                     50
  319. The Bramleighs of Bishop's Folly. By Lever           50
  320. Mildred. By Georgiana M. Craik                       50
  321. Nature's Nobleman. By the Author of "Rachel's
         Secret"                                            50
  322. Kathleen. By the Author of "Raymond's Heroine"       50
  323. That Boy of Norcott's. By Charles Lever              25
  324. In Silk Attire. By W. Black                          50
  325. Hetty. By Henry Kingsley                             25
  326. False Colors. By Annie Thomas                        50
  327. Meta's Faith. By the Author of "St. Olave's"         50
  328. Found Dead. By the Author of "Carlyon's Year"        50
  329. Wrecked in Port. By Edmund Yates                     50
  330. The Minister's Wife. By Mrs. Oliphant                75
  331. A Beggar on Horseback. By the Author of
         "Carlyon's Year"                                   35
  332. Kitty. By the Author of "Doctor Jacob"               50
  333. Only Herself. By Annie Thomas                        50
  334. Hirell. By John Saunders                             50
  335. Under Foot. By Alton Clyde                           50
  336. So Runs the World Away. By Mrs. A. C. Steele         50
  337. Baffled. By Julia Goddard                            75
  338. Beneath the Wheels. By the Author of
         "Olive Varcoe"                                     50
  339. Stern Necessity. By F. W. Robinson                   50
  340. Gwendoline's Harvest. By the Author of "Carlyon's
         Year"                                              25
  341. Kilmeny. By W. Black                                 50
  342. John: a Love Story. By Mrs. Oliphant                 50
  343. True to Herself. By F. W. Robinson                   50
  344. Veronica. By the Author of "Aunt Margaret's
         Trouble"                                           50
  345. A Dangerous Guest. By the Author of "Gilbert
         Rugge"                                             50
  346. Estelle Russell                                      75
  347. The Heir Expectant. By the Author of "Raymond's
         Heroine"                                           50
  348. Which is the Heroine?                                50
  349. The Vivian Romance. By Mortimer Collins              50
  350. In Duty Bound. Illustrated                           50
  351. The Warden [619] and Barchester Towers
         [2432, 3409]. In 1 vol. By Anthony Trollope        75
  352. From Thistles--Grapes? By Mrs. Eiloart               50
  353. A Siren. By T. Adolphus Trollope [5179]              50
  354. Sir Harry Hotspur of Humblethwaite. By Anthony
         Trollope. Illustrated                              50
  355. Earl's Dene. By R. E. Francillon                     50
  356. Daisy Nichol. By Lady Hardy                          50
  357. Bred in the Bone. By the Author of "Carlyon's
         Year" [12024]                                      50
  358. Fenton's Quest. By Miss Braddon. Illustrated
         [11720]                                            50
  359. Monarch of Mincing-Lane. By W. Black. Illustrated    50
  360. A Life's Assize. By Mrs. J. H. Riddell               50
  361. Anteros. By Geo. Lawrence                            50
  362. Her Lord and Master. By Florence Marryat             50
  363. Won--Not Wooed. By the Author of "Carlyon's Year"    50
  364. For Lack of Gold. By Charles Gibbon                  50
  365. Anne Furness. By the Author of "Mabel's Progress"    75
  366. A Daughter of Heth. By W. Black                      50
  367. Durnton Abbey. By T. A. Trollope                     50


--> _Mailing Notice. --HARPER & BROTHERS will send their Books by
Mail, postage free, to any part of the United States, on receipt of
the Price._




NOVELS BY STANDARD AUTHORS

Published by HARPER & BROTHERS, New York.


Harper & Brothers publish, in addition to others, including their
_Library of Select Novels_, the following Standard Works of Fiction:

(_For full titles, see Harper's Catalogue._)


BLACKWELL'S The Island Neighbors. Illustrated. 8vo, Paper, 75 cents.

WILKIE COLLINS'S[*] Armadale. Illustrations. 8vo, Cloth, $2 00;
    Paper, $1 50. [1895]
  Man and Wife. Illustrations. 8vo, Cloth, $1 50; Paper, $1 00. [1586]
  Moonstone. Ill's. 8vo, Cloth, $2 00; Paper, $1 50. [155]
  No Name. Ill's. 8vo, Cloth, $2 00; Paper, $1 50. [1438]
  Woman in White. Illustrations. 8vo, Cloth, $2 00; Paper, $1 50. [583]
  Queen of Hearts. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [1917]

BAKER'S (Wm.) New Timothy. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Inside. Illustrated by Nast. 8vo, Cloth, $1 75; Paper, $1 25.

BOUND to John Company. Ill's. 8vo, Paper, 75 cents.

BRADDON'S (M. E.)[*] Birds of Prey. Illustrations. 8vo, Paper, 75 cents.
    [9362]

BRONTE Novels:
  Jane Eyre. By Currer Bell (Charlotte Bronté). 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
    [1260]
  Shirley. By Currer Bell. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Villette. By Currer Bell. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [9182]
  The Professor. By Currer Bell. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [1028]
  Tenant of Wildfell Hall. By Acton Bell (Anna Bronté).
    12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [969]
  Wuthering Heights. By Ellis Bell (Emily Bronté). 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
    [768]

BROOKS'S Silver Cord. Ill's. 8vo, Cloth, $2 00.
  Sooner or Later. Illustrations. 8vo, Cloth, $2 00; Paper, $1 50.
  The Gordian Knot. 8vo, Paper, 50 cents.

BULWER'S (Sir E. B. Lytton)[*] My Novel. 8vo, Paper, $1 50;
    Library Edition, 2 vols., 12mo, Cloth, $3 50. [7714]
  What will He Do with It? 8vo, Paper, $1 50; Cloth, $2 00. [7671]
  The Caxtons. 8vo, Paper, 75 cents; Library Edition, 12mo, Cloth,
    $1 00. [7605]
  Leila. 12mo, Cloth, $1 00. [9761]
  Godolphin. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [7756]

BULWER'S (Robert--"Owen Meredith") The Ring of Amasis.
    12mo, Cloth, $1 50.

CURTIS'S (G. W.) Trumps. Ill's. 12mo, Cloth, $2 00. [15498]

DE FOREST'S Miss Ravenel's Conversion from Secession to Loyalty.
    12mo, Cloth, $1 50.

DE MILLE'S Cord and Creese. Illustrations. 8vo, Cloth. $1 25;
    Paper, 75 cents. [8572]
  The Cryptogram. Illustrations. 8vo, Cloth, $2 00; Paper, $1 50.
  The Dodge Club. Illustrations. 8vo, Cloth, $1 25; Paper, 75 cents.

DE WITT'S (Madame) A French Country Family. Illustrations.
    12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Motherless. Illustrations. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.

CHARLES READE'S Terrible Temptation. With many Original Illustrations.
    8vo, Paper, 30 cents; 12mo, Cloth, 75 cents. [7895]
  Hard Cash. Illustrations. 8vo, Paper, 50 cents. [3067]
  Griffith Gaunt. Ill's. 8vo, Paper, 25 cents.
  It is Never Too Late to Mend. 8vo, Paper, 35 cents. [4606]
  Love Me Little, Love Me Long. 8vo, Paper, 35 cents;
    12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [4607]
  Foul Play. 8vo, Paper, 25 cents. [3702]
  White Lies. 8vo, Paper, 35 cents. [2472]
  Peg Woffington and Other Tales. 8vo, Paper, 50 cents. [3670]
  Put Yourself in His Place. Illustrations. 8vo, Paper, 75 cents;
    Cloth, $1 25; 12mo, Cloth, $1 00. [2497]
  The Cloister and the Hearth. 8vo, Paper, 50 cts. [1366]

EDGEWORTH'S Novels. 10 vols. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50 per vol.
  Frank. 2 vols., 18mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Harry and Lucy. 2 vols., 12mo, Cloth, $3 00.
  Moral Tales. 2 vols., 18mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Popular Tales. 2 vols., 18mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Rosamond. Illustrations. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.

EDWARDS'S (Amelia B.)[*] Debenham's Vow. Illustrations.
    8vo, Paper, 75 cents.

ELIOT'S (George) Adam Bede. Illustrations. 12mo, Cloth, 75 cents. [507]
  The Mill on the Floss. Ill's. 12mo, Cloth, 75 cts. [6688]
  Felix Holt, the Radical. Illustrations. 12mo, Cloth, 75 cents.
  Romola. Illustrations. 12mo, Cloth, 75 cents.
  Scenes of Clerical Life [17780] and Silas Marner [550]. Illustrated.
    12mo, Cloth, 75 cents.

GASKELL'S (Mrs.)[*] Cranford. 12mo, Cloth, $1 25. [394]
  Moorland Cottage. 18mo, Cloth, 75 cents. [11371]
  Right at Last, &c. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Wives and Daughters. Illustrations. 8vo, Cloth, $2 00; Paper, $1 50.
    [4274]

JAMES'S[*] The Club Book. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  De L'Orme. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  The Gentleman of the Old School. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  The Gipsy. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Henry of Guise. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Henry Masterdon. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  The Jacquerie. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Morley Ernstein. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  One in a Thousand. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Philip Augustus. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Attila. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Corse de Lion. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  The Ancient Régime. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  The Man at Arms. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Charles Tyrrel. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  The Robber. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Richelieu. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  The Huguenot. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  The King's Highway. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [3780]
  The String of Pearls. 12mo, Cloth, $1 25.
  Mary of Burgundy. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Darnley. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  John Marston Hall. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  The Desultory Man. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.

JEAFFRESON'S[*] Isabel. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Not Dead Yet. 8vo, Cloth, $1 75; Paper, $1 25.

KINGSLEY'S Alton Locke. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Yeast: a Problem. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.

KINGSLEY'S (Henry)[*] Stretton. 8vo, Paper, 40 cts.

LAWRENCE'S (Geo. A.)[*] Guy Livingstone. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [17084]
  Breaking a Butterfly. 8vo, Paper, 35 cents.

LEE'S (Holme)[*] Kathie Brande. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Sylvan Holt's Daughter. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.

LEVER'S[*] Luttrell of Arran. 8vo, Cloth, $1 50; Paper, $1 00.
  Tony Butler. 8vo, Cloth, $1 50; Paper, $1 00.

McCARTHY'S[*] My Enemy's Daughter. Illustrated. 8vo, Paper, 75 cents.

MELVILLE'S Mardi. 2 vols., 12mo, Cloth, $3 00. [13720, 13721]
  Moby-Dick. 12mo, Cloth, $1 75. [2489, 2701]
  Omoo. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [4045]
  Pierre. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Redburn. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [8118]
  Typee. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [1900]
  Whitejacket. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [10712]

MULOCK'S (Miss)[*] A Brave Lady. Illustrated. 8vo, Cloth, $1 50;
    Paper, $1 00.
  The Woman's Kingdom. Illustrated. 8vo, Cloth, $1 50; Paper, $1 00.
  A Life for a Life. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Christian's Mistake. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [14687]
  A Noble Life. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [14373]
  John Halifax, Gentleman. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [2351]
  The Unkind Word and Other Stories. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Two Marriages. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Olive. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [22121]
  Ogilvies. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Head of the Family. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.

MACDONALD'S[*] Annals of a Quiet Neighborhood. 12mo, Cloth, $1 75.
    [5773]

MISS Van Kortland. 8vo, Paper, $1 00.

MORE'S (Hannah) Complete Works. 1 vol., 8vo, Sheep, $3 00.
    [19595, 15034]

MY Daughter Elinor. 8vo, Cloth, $1 75; Paper, $1 25.

MY Husband's Crime. Illustrated. 8vo, Paper, 75 cts.

OLIPHANT'S (Mrs.)[*] Chronicles of Carlingford. 8vo, Cloth, $1 75;
    Paper, $1 25.

OLIPHANT'S (Mrs.)[*] Last of the Mortimers. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Laird of Norlaw. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Lucy Crofton. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Perpetual Curate. 8vo, Cloth, $1 50; Paper, $1 00.
  A Son of the Soil. 8vo, Cloth, $1 50; Paper, $1 00.

RECOLLECTIONS of Eton. Illustrations. 8vo, Paper, 50 cents.

ROBINSON'S (F. W.)[*] For Her Sake. Illustrations. 8vo, Paper, 75 cents.
  Christie's Faith. 12mo, Cloth, $1 75.

SEDGWICK'S (Miss) Hope Leslie. 2 vols., 12mo, Cloth, $3 00.
  Live and Let Live. 18mo, Cloth, 75 cents.
  Married or Single? 2 vols., 12mo, Cloth, $3 00.
  Means and Ends. 18mo, Cloth. 75 cents.
  Poor Rich Man and Rich Poor Man. 18mo, Cloth, 75 cents.
  Stories for Young Persons. 18mo, Cloth, 75 cents.
  Tales of Glauber Spa. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Wilton Harvey and Other Tales. 18mo, Cloth, 75 cents.

SEDGWICK'S (Mrs.) Walter Thornley. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.

SHERWOOD'S (Mrs.) Works. Illustrations. 16 vols., 12mo, Cloth,
    $1 50 per vol.
  Henry Milner. 2 vols., 12mo, Cloth, $3 00.
  Lady of the Manor. 4 vols., 12mo, Cloth, $6 00.
  Roxobel. 3 vols., 18mo, Cloth, $2 25.

THACKERAY'S (W. M.) Novels:
  Vanity Fair. 32 Illustrations. 8vo, Paper, 50 cts. [599]
  Pendennis. 179 Illustrations. 8vo, Paper, 75 cts.
  The Virginians. 150 Ill's. 8vo, Paper, 75 cents. [8123]
  The Newcomes. 162 Ill's. 8vo, Paper, 75 cents. [7467]
  The Adventures of Philip. Portrait of Author and 64 Illustrations.
    8vo, Paper, 50 cents.
  Henry Esmond [2511] and Lovel the Widower. 12 Illustrations.
    8vo, Paper, 50 cents.

TOM BROWN'S School Days. By an Old Boy. Illustrations. 8vo, Paper,
    50 cents. [1480]

TOM BROWN at Oxford. Ill's. 8vo, Paper, 75 cents.

TROLLOPE'S (Anthony)[*] Bertrams. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.
  Can You Forgive Her? 8vo, Cloth, $2 00; Paper, $1 50. [19500]
  Castle Richmond. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [5897]
  Doctor Thorne. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [3166]
  Framley Parsonage. Ill's. 12mo, Cloth., $1 75. [2860]
  He Knew He was Right. 8vo, Cloth, $1 50; Paper, $1 00. [5140]
  Last Chronicle of Barset. 8vo, Cloth, $2 00; Paper, $1 50. [3045]
  Phineas Finn. 8vo, Cloth, $1 75; Paper, $1 25. [18000]
  Orley Farm. Ill's. 8vo, Cloth, $2 00; Paper, $1 50.
  Ralph the Heir. Illustrations. 8vo, Cloth, $1 75; Paper, $1 25.
  Small House at Allington. Ill's. 8vo, Cloth, $2 00. [4599]
  Three Clerks. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [7481]
  Vicar of Bullhampton. Illustrations. 8vo, Cloth, $1 75; Paper, $1 25.

TROLLOPE'S (T. A.)[*] Lindisfarn Chase. 8vo, Cloth, $2 00: Paper, $1 50.

    [* For other Novels by the same author, see _Library of Select
    Novels_.]




  THE DOMESTIC LIFE
  of
  THOMAS JEFFERSON.

  Compiled From
  FAMILY LETTERS AND REMINISCENCES

  By His Great-Granddaughter,

  SARAH N. RANDOLPH.

  _With Illustrations._


  Crown 8vo, Illuminated Cloth, Beveled Edges, $2 50.


This volume brings the life of Jefferson in a brief space within the
reach of all. While not writing of him as of the great man or statesman,
Miss Randolph has given sufficient outline of the contemporary public
events, especially of those in which Jefferson was engaged, to make the
history of his times sufficiently clear. Her object, however, she says,
has been to give a faithful picture of Jefferson as he was in private
life, and for this she was particularly well fitted. Her biography is so
artless, so frank, and so uncolored, differing so completely from the
lives of public men as generally written. * * * This extremely
interesting volume. --_Richmond Whig._

One of the most charming and entertaining of books, and its pages will
be a source of continual surprise and pleasure to those who, while
admiring the statesman, have had their admiration tempered by the belief
that he was a demagogue, a libertine, a gamester, and a scoffer at
religion. The age in which Jefferson lived was one in which political
rancors and animosities existed with no less bitterness than in our
later day, and in which, moreover, mutual abuse and malignant
recrimination were indulged in with equal fury and recklessness. Charges
were made against Jefferson, by his political opponents, that clung to
his good name and sullied it, making it almost a by-word of shame, and
its owner a man whose example was to be shunned. The prejudices and
calumnies then born have existed down to the present day; but the mists
of evil report that have hemmed his life and his memory about are now
clearing away, and this sunny book will dispel the last shadow they have
cast, and will display the maligned victim of party hate in his true
character--as a fond, an amiable, and a simple-hearted father; a firm
friend; a truly moral and God-fearing citizen, and one of those few
great men who have had the rare fortune to be likewise good men.
--_Boston Saturday Evening Gazette._

The author of this charming book has had access to the best possible
sources of information concerning the private character of
Mr. Jefferson, embracing both the written testimony of his
correspondence and the oral testimony of family tradition. From these
materials, guided by a profound reverence for the subject, the writer
has constructed a most interesting personal biography. * * * A most
agreeable addition to American literature, and will revive the memory of
a patriot who merits the respect and gratitude of his countrymen.
--_Philadelphia Age._

This handsome volume is a valuable acquisition to American history. It
brings to the public observation many most interesting incidents in the
life of the third President; and the times and men of the republic's
beginnings are here portrayed in a glowing and genial light. The author,
in referring to the death-scenes of Jefferson, reports sentiments from
his lips which contradict the current opinion that the writer of the
Declaration of Independence was an infidel. We are glad to make this
record in behalf of truth. Young people would find this book both
entertaining and instructive. Its style is fresh and compact. Its pages
are full of tender memories. The great man whose career is so charmingly
pictured belongs to us all. --_Methodist Recorder._

There is no more said of public matters in it than is absolutely
necessary to make it clear and intelligible; but we have Jefferson, the
man and the citizen, the husband, the father, the agriculturist, and the
neighbor--the man, in short, as he lived in the eyes of his relatives,
his closest friends, and his most intimate associates. He is the
Virginian gentleman at the various stages of his marvelous career, and
comes home to us as a being of flesh and blood, and so his story gives a
series of lively pictures of a manner of existence that has passed away,
or that is so passing, for they are more conservative at the South,
socially speaking, than are we at the North, though they live so much
nearer the sun than we ever can live. * * * We can commend this book to
every one who would know the main facts of Mr. Jefferson's public
career, and those of his private life. It is the best work respecting
him that has been published, and it is not so large as to repel even
indolent or careless readers. It is, too, an ornamental volume, being
not only beautifully printed and bound, but well illustrated. * * *
Every American should own the volume. --_Boston Traveller._

A charmingly compiled and written book, and it has to do with one of the
very greatest men of our national history. There is scarcely one on the
roll of our public men who was possessed of more progressive
individuality, or whose character will better repay study, than Thomas
Jefferson, and this biography is a great boon. --_N. Y. Evening Mail._

Both deeply interesting and valuable. The author has displayed great
tact and taste in the selection of her materials and its arrangement.
--_Richmond Dispatch._

A charming book. --_New Orleans Times._

It is a series of delightful home pictures, which present the hero as he
was familiarly known to his family and his best friends, in his fields,
in his library, at his table, and on the broad verandah at Monticello,
where all the sweetest flavors of his social nature were diffused. His
descendant does not conceal the fact that she is proud of her great
progenitor; but she is ingenious, and leaves his private letters mostly
to speak for themselves. It has been thought that "a king is never a
hero to his valet," and the proverb has been considered undeniable; but
this volume shows that Jefferson, if not exactly the "hero" to whom a
little obscurity is so essential, was at least warmly loved and
enthusiastically esteemed and admired by those who knew him best. The
letters in this volume are full of interest, for they are chiefly
published for the first time now. They show a conscientious gentleman,
not at all given to personal indulgences, quick in both anger and
forgiveness, the greatest American student of his time, excepting the
cold-blooded Hamilton, absolutely without formality, but particular and
exacting in the extreme--just the man who carried his wife to the White
House on the pillion of his gray mare, and showed a British embassador
the door for an offense against good-breeding. --_Chicago Evening Post._

The reader will recognize the calm and philosophic yet earnest spirit of
the thinker, with the tenderness and playful amiability of the father
and friend. The letters can not but shed a favorable light on the
character of perhaps the best-abused man of his time. --_N. Y. Evening
Post._

No attempt is made in this volume to present its subject as a public man
or as a statesman. It is simply sought to picture him as living in the
midst of his domestic circle. And this it is which will invest the book
with interest for all classes of readers, for all who, whatever their
politics, can appreciate the beauty of a pure, loving life. * * * It is
written in an easy, agreeable style, by a most loving hand, and,
perhaps, better than any other biography extant, makes the reader
acquainted with the real character of a man whose public career has
furnished material for so much book-making. --_Philadelphia Inquirer._

The perusal of this interesting volume confirms the impression that
whatever criticisms may be brought to bear upon the official career of
Mr. Jefferson, or his influence upon the politics of this country, there
was a peculiar charm in all the relations of his personal and social
life. In spite of the strength of his convictions, which he certainly
often expressed with an energy amounting to vehemence, he was a man of
rare sunniness of temperament and sweetness of disposition. He had
qualities which called forth the love of his friends no less than the
hatred of his opponents. His most familiar acquaintance cherished the
most ardent admiration of his character. His virtues in the circle of
home won the applause even of his public adversaries. --_N. Y. Tribune._

It lifts up the curtain of his private life, and by numerous letters to
his family allows us to catch a glimpse of his real nature and
character. Many interesting reminiscences have been collected by the
author and are presented to the reader. --_Boston Commercial Bulletin._

These letters show him to have been a loving husband, a tender father,
and a hospitable gentleman. --_Presbyterian._

Jefferson was not only eloquent in state papers, but he was full of
point and clearness amounting to wit in his minor correspondence.
--_Albany Argus._

It is the record of the life of one of the most extraordinary men of any
age or country. --_Richmond Inquirer._

With the public life of Thomas Jefferson the public is familiar, as
without it no adequate knowledge is possible of the history of Virginia
or of the United States. Its guiding principles and great events, as
likewise its smallest details, have long been before the world in the
"Jefferson Papers," and in the laborious history of Randall. But to a
full appreciation of the politician, the statesman, the publicist, and
the thinker, there was still wanting some complete and correct knowledge
of the man and his daily life amidst his family. This want Miss Randolph
has endeavored most successfully to supply. As scarcely one of the
founders of the republic had warmer friends, or exerted a deeper and a
wider influence upon the country, so scarcely one encountered more
bitter animosity or had to live down slander more envenomed. Truth
conquered in the end, and the foul rumors, engendered in partisan
conflicts, against the private life of Jefferson have long shrunk into
silence in the light of his fame. Nevertheless, it is well done of his
descendant thus to place before the world his life as in his letters and
his conversation it appeared from day to day to those nearest and
dearest to him. Nor is it a matter of small value to bring to our sight
the interior life of our ancestors as it is delineated in the letters of
Jefferson, touching incidently on all the subjects of dress, food,
manners, amusements, expenditures, occupations--in brief, neglecting
nothing of what the men of those days were and thought and did. It is of
such materials that consist the pictures of history whose gaunt outlines
of battles, sieges, coronations, dethronements, and parliaments are of
little worth without the living and breathing details of everyday
existence. * * * The author has happily performed her task, never
obtruding her own presence upon the reader, careful only to come forward
when necessary to explain some doubtful point or to connect the events
of different dates. She may be congratulated upon the grace with which
she has both written and forborne to write, never being beguiled by the
vanity of authorship or that too great care which is the besetting sin
of biography. --_Petersburg Daily Index._

It is a highly interesting book, not only as a portraiture of the
domestic life of Jefferson, but as a side view of the parties and
politics of the day, witnessed in our country seventy years ago. The
correspondence of the public characters at that period will be read with
special interest by those who study the early history of our government.
--_Richmond Christian Observer._

In the unrestrained confidence of family correspondence, nature has
always full sway, and the revelations presented in this book of
Mr. Jefferson's real temper and opinions, unrestrained or unmodified by
the caution called for in public documents, make the work not only
valuable but entertaining. --_N. Y. World._

The author has done her work with a loving hand, and has made a most
interesting book. --_N. Y. Commercial Advertiser._

It gives a picture of his private life, which it presents in a most
favorable light, calculated to redeem Jefferson's character from many,
if not all, the aspersions and slanders which, in common with most
public characters, he had to endure while living. --_New Bedford
Standard._

The letters of Jefferson are models of epistolary composition--easy,
graceful, and simple. --_New Bedford Mercury._

The book is a very good picture of the social life not only of himself
but of the age in which he lived. --_Detroit Post._

One of the most charming memoirs of the day. --_N. Y. Times._




THE TOM BROWN BOOKS.


    [Illustration {Arthur Hughes}]


_TOM BROWN'S SCHOOL DAYS._ [1480]

By An Old Boy. New Edition. Beautifully Illustrated by Arthur Hughes and
Sydney Prior Hall. 8vo, Paper, 50 cents.

Nothing need be said of the merits of this acknowledged on all hands to
be one of the very best boy's books ever written. "Tom Brown" does not
reach the point of ideal excellence. He is not a faultless boy; but his
boy-faults, by the way they are corrected, help him in getting on. The
more of such reading can be furnished the better. There will never be
too much of it. --_Examiner and Chronicle._

Can be read a dozen times, and each time with tears and laughter as
genuine and impulsive as at the first. --_Rochester Democrat._

Finely printed, and contains excellent illustrations. "Tom Brown" is a
book which will always be popular with boys, and it deserves to be.
--_World_ (N. Y.).

For healthy reading it is one book in a thousand. --_Advance._


_TOM BROWN AT OXFORD._

By the Author of "Tom Brown's School Days." New Edition. With
Illustrations by Sydney Prior Hall. 8vo, Paper, 75 cents.

A new and very pretty edition. The illustrations are exceedingly good,
the typography is clear, and the paper white and fine. There is no need
to say any thing of the literary merits of the work, which has become a
kind of classic, and which presents the grand old Tory University to the
reader in all its glory and fascination. --_Evening Post._

A book of which one never wearies. --_Presbyterian._

Fairly entitled to the rank and dignity of an English classic. Plot,
style, and truthfulness are of the soundest British character. Racy,
idiomatic, mirror-like, always interesting, suggesting thought on the
knottiest social and religious questions, now deeply moving by its
unconscious pathos, and anon inspiring uproarious laughter, it is a work
the world will not willingly let die. --_Christian Advocate._


_Both books, in One Volume, 8vo, Cloth, $1 50._


Published by HARPER & BROTHERS, New York.


  HARPER & BROTHERS also publish
  _RECOLLECTIONS OF ETON._ By an Etonian.
  With Illustrations. 8vo, Paper, 50 cents.


--> _Sent by mail, postage prepaid, to any part of the United States,
on receipt of the price._




TWO VALUABLE HOUSEHOLD BOOKS

Published by HARPER & BROTHERS, New York.


OUR GIRLS.

By DIO LEWIS, A.M., M.D.

NEW EDITION. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.

The book not only deserves to be read; it _will_ be read, because it is
full of interest, concerning itself, as it does, with such matters as
girls' boots and shoes; how girls should walk; low neck and short
sleeves; outrages upon the body; stockings supporters; why are women so
small? idleness among girls; sunshine and health; a word about baths;
what you should eat; how to manage a cold; fat and thin girls, etc.,
etc. --_N. Y. Evening Post._

Dr. Dio Lewis has written a sensible and lively book. There is not a
dull page in it, and scarcely one that does not convey some sound
instruction. We wish the book could enter thousands of our homes,
fashionable and unfashionable; for we believe it contains suggestions
and teaching of precisely the kind that "our girls" every where need.
--_N. Y. Independent._

This really important book. --_Christian Union._

Written in Dr. Lewis's free and lively style, and is full of good ideas,
the fruit of long study and experience, told in a sensible, practical
way that commends them to every one who reads. The whole book is
admirably sensible. --_Boston Post._

Full of practical and very sensible advice to young women.
--_Episcopalian._

Dr. Lewis is well known as an acute observer, a man of great practical
sagacity in sanitary reform, and a lively and brilliant writer upon
medical subjects. --_N. Y. Observer._

We like it exceedingly. It says just what ought to be said, and that in
style colloquial, short, sharp, and memorable. --_Christian Advocate._

The whole tone of the book is pure and healthy. --_Albany Express._

Every page shows him to be in earnest, and thoroughly alive to the
importance of the subjects he discusses. He talks like one who has a
solemn message to deliver, and who deems the matter far more essential
than the manner. His book is, therefore, a series of short, earnest
appeals against the unnatural, foolish, and suicidal customs prevailing
in fashionable society. --_Churchman._

A timely and most desirable book. --_Springfield Union._

Full of spicy, sharp things about matters pertaining to health; full of
good advice, which, if people would but take it, would soon change the
world in some very important respects; not profound or systematic, but
still a book with numberless good things in it. --_Liberal Christian._

The author writes with vigor and point, and with occasional dry humor.
--_Worcester Spy._

Brimful of good, common-sense hints regarding dress, diet, recreation,
and other necessary things in the female economy. --_Boston Journal._

Dr. Lewis talks very plainly and sensibly, and makes very many important
suggestions. He does not mince matters at all, but puts every thing in a
straightforward and, not seldom, homely way, perspicuous to the dullest
understanding. His style is lively and readable, and the book is very
entertaining as well as instructive. --_Register_, Salem, Mass.

One of the most popular of modern writers upon health and the means of
its preservation. --_Presbyterian Banner._

There is hardly any thing that may form a part of woman's experience
that is not touched upon. --_Chicago Journal._


THE BAZAR BOOK OF DECORUM:

CARE OF THE PERSON, MANNERS, ETIQUETTE, AND CEREMONIALS.

16mo, Toned Paper, Cloth, Beveled Edges, $1 00.

A series of sensible, well-written, and pleasant essays on the care of
the person, manners, etiquette, and ceremonials. The title _Bazar Book_
is taken from the fact that some of the essays which make up this volume
appeared originally in the columns of _Harper's Bazar_. This in itself
is a sufficient recommendation--_Harper's Bazar_ being probably the only
journal of fashion in the world which has good sense and enlightened
reason for its guides. The "Bazar Book of Decorum" deserves every
commendation. --_Independent._

A very graceful and judicious compendium of the laws of etiquette,
taking its name from the _Bazar_ weekly, which has become an established
authority with the ladies of America upon all matters of taste and
refinement. --_N. Y. Evening Post._

It is, without question, the very best and most thorough work on the
subject which has ever been presented to the public. --_Brooklyn Daily
Times._

It would be a good thing if at least one copy of this book were in every
household of the United States, in order that all--especially the youth
of both sexes--might read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest its wise
instruction, pleasantly conveyed in a scholarly manner which eschews
pedantry. --_Philadelphia Press._

Abounds in sensible suggestions for keeping one's person in proper
order, and for doing fitly and to one's own satisfaction the thousand
social duties that make up so large a part of social and domestic life.
--_Correspondence of Cincinnati Chronicle._

Full of good and sound common-sense, and its suggestions will prove
valuable in many a social quandary. --_Portland Transcript._

A little work embodying a multitude of useful hints and suggestions
regarding the proper care of the person and the formation of refined
habits and manners. The subject is treated with good sense and good
taste, and is relieved from tedium by an abundance of entertaining
anecdotes and historical incident. The author is thoroughly acquainted
with the laws of hygiene, and wisely inculcates them while specifying
the rules based upon them which regulate the civilities and ceremonies
of social life. --_Evening Post_, Chicago.

* * * It would be easy to quote a hundred curt, sharp sentences, full of
truth and force, and touching points of behavior and personal habitude
that concern us all. --_Springfield Republican._

By far the best book of the kind of which we have any knowledge.
--_Chicago Journal._

An eminently sensible book. --_Liberal Christian._


--> _HARPER & BROTHERS will send either of the above works by mail,
postage prepaid, to any part of the United States, on receipt of the
price._




SCIENCE FOR THE YOUNG.

BY JACOB ABBOTT,

Author of "The Young Christian Series," "Marco Paul Series," "Rainbow
and Lucky Series," "Little Learner Series," "Franconia Stories,"
Illustrated Histories, &c., &c.


Few men enjoy a wider or better earned popularity as a writer for the
young than Jacob Abbott. His series of histories, and stories
illustrative of moral truths, have furnished amusement and instruction
to thousands. He has the knack of piquing and gratifying curiosity.
In the book before us he shows his happy faculty of imparting useful
information through the medium of a pleasant narrative, keeping alive
the interest of the young reader, and fixing in his memory valuable
truths. --_Mercury_, New Bedford, Mass.

Jacob Abbott is almost the only writer in the English language who knows
how to combine real amusement with real instruction in such a manner
that the eager young readers are quite as much interested in the useful
knowledge he imparts as in the story which he makes so pleasant a medium
of instruction. --_Buffalo Commercial Advertiser._


HEAT:

Being Part I. of _Science for the Young_. By JACOB ABBOTT. Copiously
Illustrated. 12mo, Illuminated Cloth, black and gilt, $1 50.

Perhaps that eminent and ancient gentleman who told his young master
that there was no royal road to science could admit that he was mistaken
after examining one of the volumes of the series "Science for the
Young," which the Harpers are now bringing out. The first of these,
"Heat," by Jacob Abbott, while bringing two or three young travelers
from a New York hotel across the ocean to Liverpool in a Cunarder, makes
them acquainted with most of the leading scientific principles regarding
heat. The idea of conveying scientific instruction in this manner is
admirable, and the method in which the plan is carried out is excellent.
While the youthful reader is skillfully entrapped into perusing what
appears to be an interesting story, and which is really so, he devours
the substance and principal facts of many learned treatises. Surely this
is a royal road for our young sovereigns to travel over. --_World_,
N. Y.

It combines information with amusement, weaving in with a story or
sketch of travel dry rules of mechanics or chemistry or philosophy.
Mr. Abbott accomplishes this object very successfully. The story is a
simple one, and the characters he introduces are natural and agreeable.
Readers of the volume, young and old, will follow it with unabating
interest, and it can not fail to have the intended effect. --_Jewish
Messenger._

It is admirably done. * * * Having tried the book with children, and
found it absolutely fascinating, even to a bright boy of eight, who has
had no special preparation for it, we can speak with entire confidence
of its value. The author has been careful in his statements of facts and
of natural laws to follow the very best authorities; and on some points
of importance his account is more accurate and more useful than that
given in many works of considerable scientific pretensions written
before the true character of heat as what Tyndall calls "a mode of
motion" was fully recognized. * * * Mr. Abbott has, in his "Heat,"
thrown a peculiar charm upon his pages, which makes them at once clear
and delightful to children who can enjoy a fairy tale. --_N. Y. Evening
Post._

* * * Mr. Abbott has avoided the errors so common with writers for
popular effect, that of slurring over the difficulties of the subject
through the desire of making it intelligible and attractive to unlearned
readers. He never tampers with the truth of science, nor attempts to
dodge the solution of a knotty problem behind a cloud of plausible
illustrations. The numerous illustrations which accompany every chapter
are of unquestionable value in the comprehension of the text, and come
next to actual experiment as an aid to the reader. --_N. Y. Tribune._


LIGHT:

Being Part II. of _Science for the Young_. By JACOB ABBOTT. Copiously
Illustrated. 12mo, Illuminated Cloth, black and gilt, $1 50.

Treats of the theory of "Light," presenting in a popular form the latest
conclusions of chemical and optical science on the subject, and
elucidating its various points of interest with characteristic clearness
and force. Its simplicity of language, and the beauty and
appropriateness of its pictorial illustrations, make it a most
attractive volume for young persons, while the fullness and accuracy of
the information with which it overflows commends it to the attention of
mature readers. --_N. Y. Tribune._

Like the previous volume, it is in all respects admirable. It is a
mystery to us how Mr. Abbott can so simplify the most abstruse and
difficult principles, in which optics especially abounds, as to bring
them within the grasp of quite youthful readers; we can only be very
grateful to him for the result. This book is up to our latest knowledge
of the wonderful force of which it treats, and yet weaves all its
astounding facts into pleasing and readable narrative form. There are
few grown people, indeed, whose knowledge will not be vastly increased
by a perusal of this capital book. --_N. Y. Evening Mail._

Perhaps there is no American author to whom our young people are under
so great a debt of gratitude as to this writer. The book before us, like
all its predecessors from the same pen, is lucid, simple, amusing, and
instructive. It is well gotten up and finely illustrated, and should
have a place in the library of every family where there are children.
--_N. Y. Star._

It is the second volume of a delightful series started by Mr. Abbott
under the title or "Science for the Young," in which is detailed
interesting conversations and experiments, narratives of travel, and
adventures by the young in pursuit of knowledge. The science of optics
is here so plainly and so untechnically unfolded that many of its most
mysterious phenomena are rendered intelligible at once. --_Cleveland
Plain Dealer._

It is complete, and intensely interesting. Such a series must be of
great usefulness. It should be in every family library. The volume
before us is thorough, and succeeds in popularizing the branch of
science and natural history treated, and, we may add, there is nothing
more varied in its phenomena or important in its effects than light.
--_Chicago Evening Journal._

Any person, young or old, who wishes to inform himself in a pleasant way
about the spectroscope, magic-lantern cameras, and other optical
instruments, and about solar, electric, calcium, magnesium, and all
other kinds of light, will find this book of Mr. Abbott both interesting
and instructive. --_Lutheran Observer._


Published by HARPER & BROTHERS, New York.

--> Either of the above works sent by mail, postage free, to any part of
the United States, on receipt of $1 50.




By Anthony Trollope.

Anthony Trollope's position grows more secure with every new work which
comes from his pen. He is one of the most prolific of writers, yet his
stories improve with time instead of growing weaker, and each is as
finished and as forcible as though it were the sole production of the
author. --_N. Y. Sun._


_RALPH THE HEIR._ Engravings. 8vo, Cloth, $1 75; Paper, $1 25.

_SIR HARRY HOTSPUR OF HUMBLETHWAITE._ Engravings. 8vo, Paper, 50 cents.

_THE VICAR OF BULLHAMPTON._ Engravings. 8vo, Cloth, $1 75; Paper, $1 25.

_THE BELTON ESTATE._ 8vo, Paper, 50 cents. [4969]

_THE BERTRAMS._ 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.

_BROWN, JONES, AND ROBINSON._ 8vo, Paper, 50 cents.

_CAN YOU FORGIVE HER?_ Engravings. 8vo, Cloth, $2 00; Paper, $1 50.
    [19500]

_CASTLE RICHMOND._ 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [5897]

_THE CLAVERINGS._ Engravings. 8vo, Cloth, $1 00; Paper, 50 cents.
    [15766]

_DOCTOR THORNE._ 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [3166]

_FRAMLEY PARSONAGE._ Engravings. 12mo, Cloth, $1 75. [2860]

_HE KNEW HE WAS RIGHT._ Engravings. 8vo, Cloth, $1 50; Paper, $1 00.
    [5140]

_MISS MACKENZIE._ 8vo, Paper, 50 cents.

_NORTH AMERICA._ 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [1865, 1866]

_ORLEY FARM._ Engravings. 8vo, Cloth, $2 00; Paper, $1 50.

_PHINEAS FINN, the Irish Member._ Illustrated by J. E. Millais, R.A.
    8vo, Cloth, $1 75; Paper, $1 25. [18000]

_RACHEL RAY._ 8vo, Paper, 50 cents.

_SMALL HOUSE AT ALLINGTON._ Engravings. 8vo, Cloth, $2 00;
    Paper, $1 50. [4599]

_THE LAST CHRONICLE OF BARSET._ Engravings. 8vo, Cloth, $2 00;
    Paper, $1 50. [3045]

_THE THREE CLERKS._ 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [7481]

_THE WARDEN [619] and BARCHESTER TOWERS [2432, 3409]._ In One Volume.
    8vo, Paper, 75 cents.

_THE WEST INDIES AND THE SPANISH MAIN._ 12 mo, Cloth, $1 50.


_Published by HARPER & BROTHERS, New York._


--> _HARPER & BROTHERS will send either of the above works by mail,
postage prepaid, to any part of the United States, on receipt of the
price._




BY THE AUTHOR OF "JOHN HALIFAX."


_FAIR FRANCE._ Impressions of a Traveller. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.

_A BRAVE LADY._ Illustrated. 8vo, Paper, $1 00; Cloth, $1 50.

_THE UNKIND WORD, and Other Stories._ 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.

_THE WOMAN'S KINGDOM._ A Love Story. Profusely Illustrated.
    8vo, Paper, $1 00; Cloth, $1 50.

_THE TWO MARRIAGES._ 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.

_A NOBLE LIFE._ 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [14373]

_CHRISTIAN'S MISTAKE._ 12 mo, Cloth, $1 50. [14687]

_JOHN HALIFAX, GENTLEMAN._ 8vo, Paper, 75 cents; Library Edition,
    12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [2351]

_A LIFE FOR A LIFE._ 8vo, Paper, 50 cents; Library Edition,
    12mo, Cloth, $1 50.

_A HERO, and Other Tales._ A Hero, Bread upon the Waters, and
    Alice Learmont. 12mo, Cloth, $1 25.

_AGATHA'S HUSBAND._ 8vo, Paper, 50 cents.

_AVILLION, and Other Tales._ 8vo, Paper, $1 25.

_OLIVE._ 8vo, Paper, 50 cents; 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [22121]

_THE FAIRY BOOK._ The best popular Fairy Stories selected and
    rendered anew. Engravings. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50. [19734]

_THE HEAD OF THE FAMILY._ 8vo, Paper, 75 cents.

_MISTRESS AND MAID._ A Household Story. 8vo, Paper, 50 cents. [13461]

_NOTHING NEW._ Tales. 8vo, Paper, 50 cents.

_THE OGILVIES._ 8vo, Paper, 50 cents; 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.

_OUR YEAR._ A Child's Book in Prose and Verse. Illustrated by
    Clarence Dobell. 16mo, Cloth, Gilt Edges, $1 00.

_STUDIES FROM LIFE._ 12 mo, Cloth, Gilt Edges, $1 25.

_A FRENCH COUNTRY FAMILY._ Translated from the French of Madame
    DE WITT (_née_ GUIZOT). Illustrated. 12mo, Cloth, $1 50.


_From the North British Review._

MISS MULOCK'S NOVELS.

She attempts to show how the trials, perplexities, joys, sorrows,
labors, and successes of life deepen or wither the character according
to its inward bent.

She cares to teach, _not_ how dishonesty is always plunging men into
infinitely more complicated external difficulties than it would in real
life, but how any continued insincerity gradually darkens and corrupts
the very life-springs of the mind: _not_ how all events conspire to
crush an unreal being who is to be the "example" of the story, but how
every event, adverse or fortunate, tends to strengthen and expand a high
mind, and to break the springs of a selfish or merely weak and
self-indulgent nature.

She does not limit herself to domestic conversations, and the mere shock
of character on character; she includes a large range of events--the
influence of worldly successes and failures--the risks of commercial
enterprises--the power of social position--in short, the various
elements of a wider economy than that generally admitted into a tale.

She has a true respect for her work, and never permits herself to "make
books," and yet she has evidently very great facility in making them.

There are few writers who have exhibited a more marked progress, whether
in freedom of touch or in depth of purpose, than the authoress of "The
Ogilvies" and "John Halifax."


Published by HARPER & BROTHERS, New York.

--> _HARPER & BROTHERS will send the above works by mail, postage paid,
to any part of the United States, on receipt of the price._




  TENNYSON'S
  COMPLETE
  POETICAL WORKS.


    [Illustration {Alfred, Lord Tennyson}]


POETICAL WORKS OF ALFRED TENNYSON, Poet Laureate. With numerous
Illustrations and Three Characteristic Portraits. Forty-fifth Thousand.
Including many Poems not hitherto contained in his collected works. New
Edition, containing "The Window; or, The Loves of the Wrens;" with Music
by Arthur Sullivan. 8vo, Paper, 75 cents; Cloth, $1 25.

Tennyson is, without exception, the most popular of living poets.
Wherever the English language is spoken, in America as well as in
England, his name has become familiar as a household word, and some
volume of the many he has published is to be found in almost every
library. For several years a complete cheap edition of his poetical
works has been an acknowledged desideratum. Messrs. Harper & Brothers,
taking advantage of the conclusion of the Arthurian Poems, have now
supplied this want by publishing an attractive household edition of the
Laureate's poems, in one volume, clearly and handsomely printed, and
illustrated with many engravings after designs by Gustave Doré,
Rossetti, Stanfield, W. H. Hunt, and other eminent artists. The volume
contains every line the Laureate has ever published, including the
latest of his productions, which complete the noble cycle of Arthurian
legends, and raise them from a fragmentary series of exquisite cabinet
pictures into a magnificent tragic epic, of which the theme is the
gradual dethronement of Arthur from his spiritual rule over his order,
through the crime of Guinevere and Lancelot; the spread of their
infectious guilt, till it breaks up the oneness of the realm, and the
Order of the Round Table is shattered, and the ideal king, deserted by
many of his own knights, and deeply wounded in the last great battle
with the traitor and the heathen, vanishes into the darkness of the
world beyond.


The print is clear and excellent; the paper is good; the volume has
illustrations from Doré, Millais, and other great artists. Really, the
edition is a sort of prodigy in its way. --_Independent._

Those who want a perfect and complete edition of the works of the great
English Poet Laureate should purchase the Harper edition. --_Troy
Budget._

A marvel of cheapness. --_The Christian Era._

The whole get-up and style of this edition are admirable, and we are
sure it will be a welcome addition to every book-case, large or small.
But the marvelous thing about it is the price, which is only _one
dollar_ for the handsome cloth binding. --_Tribune_ (Wilmington, Del.).

A marvelous instance of blended beauty and cheapness. --_Charleston
Courier._


Published by HARPER & BROTHERS, New York.

--> _Sent by mail, postage prepaid, to any part of the United States,
on receipt of the price._

       *       *       *       *       *
           *       *       *       *
       *       *       *       *       *

Authors from "Select Novels" and "Standard Authors", listed
alphabetically, with full name where possible:

  _Some authors on this list were either not named at all, or identified
  only as "Author of...": see following lists. Most were identified only
  by last name, usually but not always with "Miss" or "Mrs." if female._

  Aguilar, Grace
    The Mother's Recompense
  Allan-Olney, Mary
    Estelle Russell
  Andersen, Hans Christian ["Andersen"]
    The Improvisatore
    Only a Fiddler, &c.
  Auerbach, Berthold
    The Professor's Lady
  Baker, William M. ["Baker (Wm.)"]
    Inside
    New Timothy
  Bell (Currer, Acton, Ellis)
    _see under Bronte_
  Bell, Martin (Mrs.)
    Julia Howard
  Benedict, Frank Lee
    Miss Van Kortland
    My Daughter Elinor
  Betham-Edwards, Matilda
    Kitty
  Black, William ["W. Black"]
    Kilmeny
    A Daughter of Heth
    Monarch of Mincing-Lane
    In Silk Attire
    Love or Marriage?
  Blackmore, R. D.
    Cradock Nowell
  Blagden, Isa
    Nora and Archibald Lee
  Braddon, Mary Elizabeth ["M. E. Braddon", "Miss Braddon"]
    Aurora Floyd
    Birds of Prey
    Bound to John Company
    Charlotte's Inheritance
    Dead-Sea Fruit
    Eleanor's Victory
    Fenton's Quest
    John Marchmont's Legacy
  Bremer, Fredrika ["Miss Bremer"]
    Brothers and Sisters
    The H---- Family
    The Home
    New Sketches of Every-day Life
    The Midnight Sun
    The Neighbors
    Nina
    Parsonage of Mora
    The President's Daughters
  Bronte, Anne [aka Acton Bell]
    Tenant of Wildfell Hall
  Bronte, Charlotte [aka Currer Bell]
    Jane Eyre
    Shirley
    Villette
    The Professor
  Bronte, Emily [aka Ellis Bell]
    Wuthering Heights
  Brooks, Shirley ["Brooks"]
    Silver Cord
    Sooner or Later
    The Gordian Knot
  Brunton, Mary
    Self-Control
  Bulwer-Lytton, Edward George ["Bulwer"]
    A Strange Story
    Alice; or, The Mysteries
    The Caxtons
    Devereux
    The Disowned
    Ernest Maltravers
    Eugene Aram
    Godolphin
    Harold
    The Last Days of Pompeii
    The Last of the Barons
    Leila
    Lucretia
    My Novel
    Night and Morning
    Paul Clifford
    Pelham
    Pilgrims of the Rhine
    Rienzi
    What will he do with It?
    Zanoni
  Bulwer, Robert ["Owen Meredith"]
    The Ring of Amasis
  Burbury, E. J. ["Mrs. Burbury"]
    Florence Sackville
  Campbell, Harriette ["Miss Campbell"]
    Self-Devotion
  Flygare-Carlèn, Emilie ["Miss Carlen"]
    The Brothers' Bet
    Ivar; or, The Skjuts-Boy
    Lover's Stratagem
  Clarke, Charles ["Clarke"]
    The Beauclercs, Father and Son
  Cleghorn, Elizabeth ["Mrs. Gaskell"]
    Cousin Phillis
    Cranford.
    A Dark Night's Work
    Mary Barton
    Moorland Cottage
    My Lady Ludlow
    North and South
    Right at Last, &c.
    Sylvia's Lovers
    Wives and Daughters
  Clyde, Alton
    Under Foot
  Collins, Mortimer
    The Vivian Romance
  Collins, Wilkie
    Antonina
    Armadale
    Man and Wife
    Moonstone
    No Name
    Queen of Hearts
    Woman in White
  Craik, Dinah Maria Mulock ["Miss Mulock"]
    Agatha's Husband
    Avillion, and other Tales
    A Brave Lady
    Christian's Mistake
    John Halifax
    The Head of the Family
    A Life for a Life
    Mistress and Maid
    A Noble Life
    Nothing New
    The Ogilvies
    Olive
    Two Marriages
    The Unkind Word and Other Stories
    The Woman's Kingdom
  Craik, Georgiana M.
    Mildred
  Curtis, G. W.
    Trumps
  Curtis, Harriot F.
    Jessie's Flirtations
  De Bawr, Mme.
    The Maid of Honor
  De Beauvoir, Roger ["De Beauvoir"]
    Safia
  De Forest, John William ["De Forest"]
    Miss Ravenel's Conversion from Secession to Loyalty
  De Mille, James ["De Mille"]
    Cord and Creese
    The Cryptogram
    The Dodge Club
  De Vigny, Alfred ["De Vigny"]
    Cinq-Mars
  De Witt (Madame)
    A French Country Family
    Motherless
  Dickens, Charles ["Dickens"]
    Hard Times
  Douglas, Ann Jane Dunn ["Mrs. George Cupples"]
    The Green Hand. A "Short Yarn"
  Drury, Anna H.
    Misrepresentation
  Dumas, Alexandre ["Dumas"]
    Amaury
    Ascanio
    Chevalier d'Harmental
    The Regent's Daughter
  Dupuy, Eliza A. ["Miss Dupuy"]
    Country Neighborhood
  Eastlake, Lady Elizabeth Rigby
    Livonian Tales
  Edgeworth, Maria ["Edgeworth"]
    Novels
    Frank
    Harry and Lucy
    Moral Tales
    Popular Tales
    Rosamond
  Edwards, Amelia B.
    Barbara's History
    Debenham's Vow
    Half a Million of Money
    Hand and Glove
    The Ladder of Life
    Miss Carew
    My Brother's Wife
  Edwards, Annie
    A Point of Honor
  Eiloart, Elizabeth (Mrs. C. J.) ["Mrs. Eiloart"]
    The Curate's Discipline
    From Thistles--Grapes?
  Eliot, George
    Adam Bede
    Felix Holt, the Radical
    The Mill on the Floss
    Romola
    Scenes of Clerical Life
    Silas Marner
  Ellis, Sarah ["Mrs. Ellis"]
    Look to the End
  Ferrier, Susan Edmonstone ["Miss S. Ferrier"]
    Marriage
  Francillon, Robert Edward ["R. E. Francillon"]
    Earl's Dene
  Fullom, Stephen Watson ["Fullom"]
    The Daughter of Night
  Gardiner, Harriet Anne Frances ["Countess D'Orsay"]
    Clouded Happiness
  Gaskell (Mrs.)
    _see under Cleghorn_
  Gibbon, Charles
    For Lack of Gold
  Goddard, Julia
    Baffled
  Gore, Catherine Grace Frances (Moody) ["Mrs. Gore"]
    The Banker's Wife
    The Birthright
    Peers and Parvenus
    The Queen of Denmark
    The Royal Favorite
    Self
  Grattan, Thomas Colley ["T. C. Grattan"]
    A Chance Medley
  Greenwood, Frederick
    Margaret Denzil's History
  Greenwood, James
    The True History of a Little Ragamuffin
  Grey, Elizabeth Caroline ["Mrs. Grey"]
    The Bosom Friend
    The Gambler's Wife
    The Young Husband
  Hall, Anna Maria (Mrs. S. C.) ["Mrs. Hall"]
    The Whiteboy
    Midsummer Eve
    Woman's Trials
  Hamilton, Mrs. Charles Granville ["G. C. H."]
    Constance Lyndsay
  Hamley, Edward Bruce
    Lady Lee's Widowhood
  Hannay, James ["Hannay"]
    Singleton Fontenoy, R. N.
  Hannay, David ["D. Hannay"]
    Ned Allen
  Hardy, Mary (McDowell) Duffus ["Lady Hardy"]
    Daisy Nichol
    Which is the Heroine?
  Harwood, Isabella [aka Ross Neil]
    The Heir Expectant
    Kathleen
    Raymond's Heroine
  Henningsen, Charles Frederick
    The white slave
  Hofland (Mrs.)
    The Czarina
    Daniel Dennison, &c.
    The Unloved One
  Housekeeper, M. R.
    My Husband's Crime
  Howitt, Mary
    The Author's Daughter
  Howitt, William
    Jack of the Mill
  Hubback (Mrs.)
    The Wife's Sister
  Hughes, Arthur
    Tom Brown's School Days
    Tom Brown at Oxford
  Hugo, Victor
    The Toilers of the Sea
  Hunt, Leigh
    The Foster-Brother
  Inchbald, Elizabeth ["Mrs. Inchbald"]
    A Simple Story
  Jackson, Henry
    A Dangerous Guest
    A First Friendship
    Gilbert Rugge
  James, George Payne Rainsford ["James"]
    Agincourt
    Agnes Sorel
    Aims and Obstacles
    The Ancient Régime
    Arabella Stuart
    Arrah Neil
    Attila
    Beauchamp
    The Castle of Ehrenstein
    Charles Tyrrel
    The Club Book
    The Commissioner
    The Convict
    Corse de Lion
    Darnley
    De L'Orme
    The Desultory Man
    The False Heir
    The Fate
    Forest Days
    The Forgery
    The Gentleman of the Old School
    The Gipsy
    Gowrie
    Heidelberg
    Henry Masterdon
    Henry Smeaton
    Henry of Guise
    The Huguenot
    The Jacquerie
    John Marston Hall
    The King's Highway
    The Last of the Fairies
    Leonora d'Orco
    A Life of Vicissitudes
    The Man at Arms
    Margaret Graham
    Mary of Burgundy
    Morley Ernstein
    The Old Dominion
    The Old Oak Chest
    One in a Thousand
    Pequinillo
    Philip Augustus
    Richelieu
    The Robber
    Rose d'Albret
    Russell
    Sir Theodore Broughton
    The Smuggler
    The Stepmother
    The String of Pearls
    Thirty Years Since
    Ticonderoga
    A Whim and its Consequences
    The Woodman
  Jeaffreson, John Cordy ["Jeaffreson"]
    Isabel
    Live it Down
    Not Dead Yet
    Olive Blake's Good Work
  Jerrold, Douglas William
    The Chronicles of Clovernook
  Jewsbury, Geraldine Endsor ["Miss Jewsbury"]
    Constance Herbert
    Zoe
  Johnstone, Charles Frederick
    Recollections of Eton
  Jolly, Emily
    Caste
  Kingsley, Charles ["Kingsley"]
    Alton Locke
    Yeast: a Problem
  Kingsley, Henry
    Hetty
    Stretton
  Knowles, James Sheridan ["Knowles"]
    Fortescue
  Knox, Isa Craig
    In Duty Bound
  Lajetchnikoff
    The Heretic
  Lamartine, Alphonse de ["Lamartine"]
    Genevieve
  Lawrence, George ["Geo. Lawrence"]
    Anteros
    Brakespeare
    Breaking a Butterfly
    Guy Livingstone
    Maurice Dering
    Sans Merci
    Sword and Gown
  Le Fanu, Joseph Sheridan ["J. S. Le Fanu"]
    All in the Dark
    Guy Deverell
    A Lost Name
    The Tenants of Malory
    Uncle Silas
  Lee, Holme [aka Harriet Parr]
    Annis Warleigh's Fortunes
    Kathie Brande
    Mr. Wynyard's Ward
    Sylvan Holt's Daughter
  Lever, Charles James ["Lever"]
    Barrington
    The Bramleighs of Bishop's Folly
    The Daltons
    A Day's Ride
    The Dodd Family Abroad
    Fortunes of Glencore
    Gerald Fitzgerald
    Luttrell of Arran
    The Martins of Cro' Martin
    Maurice Tiernay
    One of Them
    Roland Cashel
    Sir Brooke Fossbrooke
    Sir Jasper Carew
    That Boy of Norcott's
    Tony Butler
  Lewes, George Henry ["G. H. Lewes"]
    Three Sisters and Three Fortunes
  Liès, Eugène
    The Female Minister
  Linton, Elizabeth Lynn ["Mrs. E. Lynn Linton"]
    Sowing the Wind
    Lizzie Lorton of Greyrigg
  MacDonald, George
    Alec Forbes of Howglen
    Annals of a Quiet Neighborhood
    Guild Court
  Marlitt, Eugenie ["E. Marlitt"]
    Countess Gisela
  Marryat, Florence
    Her Lord and Master
  Marsh-Caldwell, Anne ["Mrs. Marsh"]
    Adelaide Lindsay
    Aubrey
    Castle Avon
    Emilia Wyndham
    Evelyn Marston
    Father Darcy
    The Heiress of Haughton
    Lettice Arnold
    Mordaunt Hall
    Norman's Bridge
    Ravenscliffe
    The Rose of Ashurst
    Time, the Avenger
    The Triumphs of Time
    The Wilmingtons
  Masterman, G. J.
    Belial
  McCarthy, Justin H.
    My Enemy's Daughter
    The Waterdale Neighbors
  Meinhold
    Sidonia the Sorceress
  Melville, Herman ["Melville"]
    Mardi
    Moby-Dick
    Omoo
    Pierre
    Redburn
    Typee
    Whitejacket
  Milman, Edward Augustus ["E. H. Milman", "Captain Milman"]
    Arthur Conway
    The Wayside Cross
  Monkland, Mrs.
    The Nabob at Home
  More, Hannah
    Complete Works
  Mühlbach, Luise ["L. Mühlbach"]
    Bernthal
  Mulock
    _see under Craik_
  Murray, Charles Augustus ["C. A. Murray"]
    The Prairie Bird
  Murray, Hamilton
    Falkenburg
  Neale (Captain)
    The Lost Ship
  Norton, Hon. Caroline
    Stuart of Dunleath
  Notley, Frances Eliza Millet [aka Francis Derrick]
    Beneath the Wheels
  Oliphant, Margaret Oliphant Wilson ["Mrs. Oliphant"]
    Agnes
    The Athelings
    Brownlows
    Chronicles of Carlingford
    John: a Love Story
    Katie Stewart
    Laird of Norlaw
    Last of the Mortimers
    Lucy Crofton
    Madonna Mary
    The Minister's Wife
    Miss Marjoribanks
    Quiet Heart
    Perpetual Curate
    A Son of the Soil
  Paalzow, Henriette Wach von
    The Citizen of Prague
  Payn, James
    A Beggar on Horseback
    Bred in the Bone
    Carlyon's Year
    Found Dead
    Gwendoline's Harvest
    One of the Family
    Won--Not Wooed [_title also published as_ Not wooed but won]
  Pickering, Ellen ["Miss Pickering"]
    The Grandfather
    The Grumbler
  Ponsonby, Lady Emily
    The Discipline of Life
    Mary Lyndsay
    Pride and Irresolution
  Prittie, Kate Charlotte ["Mrs. Maberly"]
    The Lady and the Priest
    Leontine
  Reade, Charles
    The Cloister and the Hearth
    Foul Play
    Griffith Gaunt
    Hard Cash
    It is Never Too Late to Mend
    Love Me Little, Love Me Long
    Peg Woffington and Other Tales
    Put Yourself in His Place
    Terrible Temptation
    White Lies
  Riddell, Charlotte Eliza Lawson (Mrs. Joseph H.)
      ["Mrs. J. H. Riddell", aka F. G. Trafford]
    A Life's Assize
    Maxwell Drewitt
    Phemie Keller
    The Race for Wealth
  Robinson, Emma
    The Gold Worshipers
    The Maid of Orleans
  Robinson, Frederick William ["F. W. Robinson"]
    Carry's Confession
    Christie's Faith
    For Her Sake
    Mattie: A Stray
    No Man's Friend
    Poor Humanity
    Stern Necessity
    True to Herself
  Rowcroft, Charles
    The Bush-Ranger
  Sala, George Augustus
    Quite Alone
  Saunders, John
    Abel Drake's Wife
    Martin Pole
    Bound to the Wheel
    Hirell
  Savage, M. W.
    My Uncle the Curate
  Sedgwick, Catharine Maria ["Miss Sedgwick"]
    Hope Leslie
    Live and Let Live
    Married or Single?
    Means and Ends
    Poor Rich Man and Rich Poor Man
    Stories for Young Persons
    Tales of Glauber Spa
    Wilton Harvey and Other Tales
  Sedgwick, Susan Anne Livingston Ridley ["Mrs. Sedgwick"]
    Walter Thornley
  Sewell, Elizabeth Missing ["Miss Sewell"]
    Amy Herbert
  Sheppard, Elizabeth Sara
    Auchester, Charles. A Memorial
  Sherwood, Mary Martha ["Mrs. Sherwood"]
    Works
    Henry Milner
    Lady of the Manor
    Roxobel
  Sinclair, Catherine ["Miss Sinclair"]
    Sir Edward Graham
  Skene, Felicia
    The Tutor's Ward
  Smith, Horace ["H. Smith"]
    Adam Brown, the Merchant
    Arthur Arundel
    Love and Mesmerism
  Smythies, Harriet M. G. (Mrs. Gordon)
    The Breach of Promise
    The Jilt
  Spindler
    The Jew
  Steele, Anna Caroline (Wood) ["Mrs. A. C. Steele"]
    So Runs the World Away
  Stephenson, Eliza Tabor
    Nature's Nobleman
    Meta's Faith
    Jeanie's Quiet Life
    Rachel's Secret
    St. Olave's
  Sue, Eugène ["Sue"]
    Arthur
    The Commander of Malta
    De Rohan
  Temme, Jodocus Donatus Hubertus ["Temme"]
    Anna Hammer
  Anne Isabel Thackeray (Ritchie) ["Miss Thackeray"]
    The Village on the Cliff
  Thackeray, William Makepeace ["Thackeray"]
    The Adventures of Philip
    Denis Duval
    The Great Hoggarty Diamond
    Henry Esmond
    Lovel the Widower
    The Newcomes
    Pendennis
    Vanity Fair
    The Virginians
  Thomas, Annie [later Cudlip]
    False Colors
    Called to Account
    Denis Donne
    The Dower House
    On Guard
    Only Herself
    Played Out
    Playing for High Stakes
    Theo Leigh
    Walter Goring
  Thomson, A. T. ["Mrs. Thomson"]
    Lady of Milan
  Tieck, Ludwig ["Tieck"]
    The Elves, &c.
  Trollope, Frances Milton ["Mrs. Trollope"]
    Petticoat Government
  Trollope, Anthony
    Barchester Towers
    The Belton Estate
    Bertrams
    Can You Forgive Her?
    Castle Richmond
    The Claverings
    Doctor Thorne
    Framley Parsonage
    He Knew He was Right
    Last Chronicle of Barset
    Miss Mackenzie
    Phineas Finn
    Orley Farm
    Rachel Ray
    Ralph the Heir
    Sir Harry Hotspur of Humblethwaite
    Small House at Allington
    The Struggles of Brown, Jones, and Robinson
    Three Clerks
    Vicar of Bullhampton
    The Warden
  Trollope, Frances Eleanor
    Anne Furness
    Mabel's Progress
    Veronica
  Trollope, T. Adolphus
    Durnton Abbey
    Lindisfarn Chase
    A Siren
  Warburton, Eliot ["Warburton"]
    Darien
    Reginald Hastings
  Ward, R. Plummer ["Ward"]
    Chatsworth
  White, Babington
    Circe
  Wigram, W. Knox ["a Barrister"]
    Five Hundred Pounds Reward
  Wiley, Calvin Henderson
    Alamance
  Wilkinson, Janet W. ["Miss Wilkinson"]
    Hands not Hearts
  Williams, Robert Folkestone ["F. Williams"]
    The Luttrells
  Wills, William Gorman ["Wills"]
    Notice to Quit
    The Wife's Evidence
  Wright, Caleb E.
    Wyoming, A Tale
  Wynne, Catherine Simpson
    Margaret's Engagement
  Yates, Edmund
    Black Sheep
    Kissing the Rod
    Land at Last
    Wrecked in Port
  Zschokke, Heinrich ["Zschokke"]
    Veronica


"Author of...":

  "Aunt Margaret's Trouble": Frances Eleanor Trollope
  "Carlyon's Year": James Payn
  "Cecil": Mrs. Gore
  "Doctor Jacob": Matilda Betham-Edwards
  "A First Friendship": Henry Jackson
  "Gilbert Rugge": Henry Jackson
  "Lost Sir Massingberd": James Payn
  "Mabel's Progress": Frances Eleanor Trollope
  "Mattie: a Stray": F. W. Robinson
  "Olive Varcoe": Frances Eliza Millet Notley (Francis Derrick)
  "Paul Massie": Justin H. McCarthy
  "Rachel's Secret": Eliza Tabor (Stephenson)
  "Raymond's Heroine": Isabella Harwood (Ross Neil)
  "St. Olave's": Eliza Tabor (Stephenson)


Books Identified Only by Title:

  _Some titles have been used for many different books. In case of
  ambiguity, the one known to have been published by Harper & Brothers
  in or before 1872 was assumed._

  Alamance [Calvin Henderson Wiley]
  Belial [G. J. Masterman]
  Bound to John Company [M. E. Braddon]
  The Breach of Promise [Mrs. Gordon Smythies]
  Caste [Emily Jolly]
  Charles Auchester. A Memorial [by Elizabeth Sara Sheppard]
  The Chronicles of Clovernook [Douglas William Jerrold]
  The Citizen of Prague [Henriette Wach von Paalzow]
  The Discipline of Life [Lady Emily Ponsonby]
  Estelle Russell [Mary Allan-Olney]
  Falkenburg [Hamilton Murray]
  The Female Minister [Eugène Liès]
  A First Friendship [Henry Jackson]
  The Gold Worshipers [Emma Robinson]
  The Green Hand. A "Short Yarn" [Mrs. George Cupples]
  In Duty Bound [Isa Craig Knox]
  Jessie's Flirtations [Harriot F. Curtis]
  The Jilt [Harriet M. G. (Mrs. Gordon) Smythies]
  Lady Lee's Widowhood [Edward Bruce Hamley]
  Livonian Tales [Lady Elizabeth Rigby Eastlake]
  The Maid of Honor [De Bawr, Mme.]
    [_Full Title_: The Maid of Honor; or, The Massacre of
    St. Bartholomew. A Tale of the Sixteenth Century]
  The Maid of Orleans [Emma Robinson]
  Margaret Denzil's History [Frederick Greenwood]
  Margaret's Engagement [Catherine Simpson Wynne]
  Miss Van Kortland [Frank Lee Benedict]
  My Daughter Elinor [Frank Lee Benedict]
  My Husband's Crime [M. R. Housekeeper]
  My Uncle the Curate [M. W. Savage]
  The Nabob at Home [Mrs. Monkland]
  Nora and Archibald Lee [Isa Blagden]
  A Point of Honor [Annie Edwards]
  Pride and Irresolution [Lady Emily Ponsonby]
  The Professor's Lady [Berthold Auerbach]
  Rachel's Secret [Eliza Tabor (Stephenson)]
  Raymond's Heroine [Isabella Harwood (aka Ross Neil)]
  Recollections of Eton. [Charles Frederick Johnstone]
  The Regent's Daughter [Dumas]
  St. Olave's [Eliza Tabor Stephenson]
  Tales from the German
    [_Full Title_: Tales from the German, comprising specimens
    from the most celebrated authors]
  Tom Brown (both titles) [Arthur Hughes]
  The True History of a Little Ragamuffin [James Greenwood]
  The Tutor's Ward [Felicia Skene]
  Which is the Heroine? [Lady Mary Duffus Hardy]
  The White Slave [Charles Frederick Henningsen]
    [_Full Title_: The white slave; or, The Russian peasant girl]
  Wyoming [Caleb E. Wright]
    [_Full Title_: Wyoming, A Tale]

       *       *       *       *       *
           *       *       *       *
       *       *       *       *       *

Errors and Inconsistencies noted by transcriber:

  106. The Wayside Cross. By E. H. Milman
    _apparent error for E. A. (Edward Augustus)_
  310. Brownlows. By Mrs. Oliphant ... 38
    _price given as printed (thirty-eight cents)_
  DE MILLE'S ... The Cryptogram ... 8vo, Cloth, $2 00; Paper, $1 50.
    _semicolon after "cloth" missing_
  CHARLES READE'S ... Put Yourself in His Place ... 75 cents;
    _text has colon for semicolon_
  JAMES'S ... Henry Masterdon
    _error for Henry Masterton_
  OLIPHANT'S ... Chronicles of Carlingford
    _title listed separately, but apparently the same Mrs. Oliphant_





End of Project Gutenberg's Publisher's Advertising (1872), by Anonymous

